Preliminary questions

1)What technical/business constraints should the data storage component of theprogram 
architecture meet to fulfill the requirement described by the customer inparagraph «Statistics»?
So what kind of component(s) (listed in the lecture) will the architecture need?

The customer wants to save the data for later statistics, therefore, you need to save the data indefinitely. 
We also know that the sum of  all daily report weights is 200Go. 
So we conclude that  data storage needs to be a data lake as it can store  data permanently and is suitable for storing large amounts of data. 
Furthermore, from a financial point of view, using a data lake is interesting, by using cloud data lakes for example.

2)What business constraint should the architecture meet to fulfill the requirement describe in the 
paragraph «Alert»? Which component to choose?

In order to fulffill the requirements described in paragraoh "alerts":
Fast alert trigerring from the data sent by the drones, in order for peacemakers to react as fast as possible
=> We must use a Streaming component to get real time data from peacewatchers and analyze them.


3)What mistake(s) from Peaceland can explain the failed attempt?

The mistake made by Peaceland is that they hired data scientist only for a big data project 
which needs in rzality more people, such as data engineers data analysts, devops.
Indeed data scientist are only efficient for the prediction part/ data analysis part.
Thus they are'nt effeicient to make a suitable data architecture for this project.


4)Peaceland has likely forgotten some technical information in the report sent by the drone. 
In the future, this information could help Peaceland make its peacewatchers much more efficient. Which information?

The information which has been forgotten is the date.
Indeed the date is an important information, especially if you want to make statistics afterwards you collected data.
To make predictions in the future ( for example, dates when people are more able to not be peacceful)

